this video was brought to you by the
powerbase mini a smaller more compact
alternative to the original power base
converter is it the link in the
description for more information
skip it a button that up so here is news
that will shock absolutely no-one
watchdogs for the WiiU has sold
jack-shit oh my goodness
now GfK they track retail sales of
software music in the UK and in ireland
they release information on sales
numbers for the recent week of we use
software on the top of that list of
course is Mario Kart 8 and new super
mario brothers you with sonic boom rise
of lyric squeezing into an unlikely
third that game is horrible reviews is
probably because just parents are buying
it for their kids and they see Sonic and
they don't care if it's a piece of shit
just name recognition is a powerful
thing but here's the shocker
not really the biggest reveal from the
charge is that watchdogs has placed 14th
failing to even make it into the top 10
on its launch week now it's funny I saw
this article way earlier today and then
I went and 4G and so was the top article
there and why our people shocked at this
if the Wii U version of watchdogs has
come out around six months later then
when the game originally launched for
other platforms and there was five other
ways that you could play watchdogs
before the Wii U version was released
Xbox 360 Playstation 3 PlayStation 4
Xbox one and ps4 that's 5 other
platforms that a crap ton of people own
that they could have played watchdogs on
even if those same people also owned a
Wii U why would they buy the game again
for the Wii U the chances of someone
just owning a Wii U and having watchdogs
to be the only way to play with that
game is slim to none and if someone
already wanted to play watchdogs they
had a shit ton of other ways to do it
what makes me flip my shit
this and I've talked about this I
countless times before then that's an
understatement is that other developers
are going to look at watchdogs for the
Wii U selling like shit
put common-sense aside and say up
watchdogs for the Wii U triple-a title
didn't move any units on the Wii U sad
day not going to release my game for the
Wii U even though anyone with a brain
will be like wow it was four it came out
four five other platforms six months
earlier wow it doesn't have all the DLC
like the other platforms yeah it's
basically the GIMP version so of course
no one is going to buy it for the Wii U
other developers are going to see that
investors into those other development
companies are going to see they're going
to be like fuck no I don't want to take
the risk of putting all that research
and development into a Wii U version of
a game and have it not sell so Nintendo
is going to continuously get it keep
getting it's a catch-22 they're going to
keep getting shot in the foot and
they're going to keep taking a step back
when it comes to getting third-party
support regi fees to make a talk out of
his asshole day and say oh we do have
third-party support but honestly Sonic
the Hedgehog isn't fucking cutting it
what is like the newest Sonic game like
at 38 on Metacritic right now the sonic
just needs to die it's not Mario it's
Sonic has had his day it's long gone
Sega has killed it that is not a third
party title to be proud of sorry Reggie
the other brutal reality that I've
brought up before and a lot of people
have gotten defensive and if made twenty
minute video saying they hate me because
I bring up this fact is that Nintendo
has alienated third-party developers
pretty much since the n64 and really
before that they used bullying tactics
to keep third-party developers to make
games exclusively for their platforms
especially back in the NES days but if
you really think about it from the n64
from the n64 they've alienated
third-party developers it's insane when
they went with the cartridge based
format there are two competing platforms
the Sega Saturn and the PlayStation used
CD ROMs it was easier program for while
at least for the PlayStation that Sega
Saturn is a different story so a lot of
developer third-party
alienated in tendo's platform and went
to the PlayStation platform which is
part of the reason why Sony is where it
is right now at least when it comes to
gaming then when you went over to after
the n64 era when you went to the game
QPS to an xbox era they yell came they
finally conceded and went to an optical
format but it was a proprietary optical
format where the discs only held about
approximately I think a gigabyte and a
half you know is more than a gigabyte it
was a gigabyte and a half and developers
got pissed off again because they either
have to release games on multiple discs
or compress the crap out of their video
and their code and they got frustrated
too then you go on to the generation
after that yes the Wii the original Wii
was a success to a point but what
happened was after everyone got over
swing and dildos around on the screen
third-party developers couldn't release
the same games that they could release
on the 360 and ps3 the games because
let's face it the original Wii was
really just as capable as an original
Xbox actually I think it was slightly
less powerful than an original Xbox so
you weren't releasing those triple-a
games that you were releasing on the
PlayStation 3 and 360 so Nintendo is all
pretty much as always alienated
third-party developers and now with the
Wii U which they they should have still
made the system more powerful where
they're like oh please come back please
come back there's two things one they
pissed off third-party developers and
third-party developers don't see them as
a viable platform and to the consumer
doesn't buy Nintendo systems for
third-party games so Nintendo in two
different ways when it comes to
third-party getting third-party software
is screwed and they partially or more so
than partially they did a lot of screwed
up a lot and they did this to themselves
Nintendo I hear rumors that you're
already working on your next-gen system
and that you're working with Western
developers to make it more third-party
friendly make it your most third-party
friendly console ever this is rumour
that I keep hearing but I hope it's true
because you need third-party developers
to be viable
you're coming out with the next-gen
console especially since if there's even
going to be a next generation of
consoles has been up in the air but if
you are I hope that you are working with
third-party developers from what from
the West to make your system be more
third-party friendly because you need it
you need third-party develop you need a
good balance of first party titles
exclusives and you need third party
titles if you have those combined that
will make your next-gen console be a
huge success so I hope that you're
making the right moves behind the scenes
right now all right folks this is rich
of review tech USA make sure to rate
comment favorite and subscribe and as
always thank you for supporting my
channel have a good one